what is up everybody welcome back I lied
to you in the last segment because I
said that we would be measured in
seconds the amount of time that we're
down we bit longer than that and I
apologize but I'm gonna make up for it
with the guest that is joining us for
this segment it is none other than rich
20-something Daniel DiPiazza
Daniel welcome and thanks for coming
today you know what you've already
amazed me I didn't even know you could
have a live stream that you were allowed
to legally have a live stream this long
well we have to break it into three
eight-hour segments so only so yeah but
we like did a whole thing like we had to
contact Facebook and yeah yeah as far as
we know and we haven't hyped this too
hard because we're not sure that we're
right but as far as we know the only
ones that have ever done a 24-hour live
or Facebook themselves so we think hedge
hedge hedge we think were the first ones
to do with 24-hour live well I'm honored
to be part of that thank you dude we're
honored to have you here man so let me
give them a tiny bit of background on
how we met and then if you want to give
them some general background on who you
are and what you've done that'd be
amazing so you and I actually met on if
you remember this but from Noah Kagan so
Noah and I got to know each other
because he came on the show super cool
dude love the way his mind works and you
happen to be interviewing him the same
day that we were gonna hang out and so
he ended up bringing me with him - you
met you we clicked and then we did like
a whole thing about books and we
exchanged art was supposed to be top
three I was a little shaking did four
supposed to be our top three books that
have had like a really big impact on us
a lot of fun bit of content and yeah
when we were thinking about people to
bring on to this that we think will
really bring some value to the audience
thought are you it's great man well I
switch careers now I'm a rapper nice
well you in fairness you really are
making music Oh true true yeah actually
I did my um my third album last last
month I'd dropped that but not not music
it's more spoken words like listen do
you have like beats and stuff well the
first one has beats on it do you listen
any any Alan Watts no I know who he is
but I'm not very familiar with him well
he inspired me to do this work they uh
he would but he would've been the best
podcaster back when before podcasts were
ever thought in someone's mind
Allen Watts was just doing lectures
going from school to school around like
Northern California teaching Buddhist
philosophies like that so you'd be into
him old British guy born in the you know
the late late 1800s older guy so he was
going around giving these lectures and I
love to listen to his lectures and I get
so into them he'd go on for an hour and
he just go in and out of these concepts
and I was a great way to learn so I
thought well maybe there's a way I could
deliver information the same way to to
my audience and so I started making
these mixtapes the first one had music
backing it up in the second and third
one which I just released it's there's
no music it's just me
riffing rapping but not not
intentionally trying to really do it in
rhyme no there's no rhyme it's just me
it's just it's like a lecture it's
almost like a personal podcast but the
idea is just yet changing up the flow of
how people receive information because
everything the information is not really
the commodity it's me so I'm I'm gonna
guess so that there is a pretty
substantial difference and now I'm super
sad so you played me one track and when
they had music I thought it was dope so
I'm curious when why you dropped the
music and then - I'm guessing that there
really is a difference between just a
normal podcast and what you're doing so
is there like tonality and rhythm that
you're playing with or is the big
difference so I so now that the book is
out I started to do a lot of what is the
book because I think this also give
people some context on you so this is a
book right here so rich 20-something
ditch your average job start an epic
business and score the life you want so
that's the book and you really came up
up start entrepreneur built something
from nothing really early in the social
influence space yeah and turned it into
a real business yeah all right so that's
the background now so well so the idea
was after the book launch I starting all
these opportunities to do talks and I
and I realized that some of the best
speakers out there they're ready to go
like if you watch I mean Gary music
example you had him on or other people
in different areas like Noam Chomsky
like Elon Musk they're so deep into
their into their field of expertise that
they don't need to prepare for a speech
not that they don't but you could give
them a topic they can go Tim Ferriss
like this you give him a topic he
rattles off on it so what I realized was
just like a stand-up comedian practicing
a set just like a
you know an actor learning in a line
just like these great speakers I need to
start getting these these almost like
tracks in my head where I can go on a
topic I can say creativity go and I can
give you a well thought-out idea on what
the creative process is like what could
wait we're great artists think about it
and so these these mixtapes and albums
are ways for me to get my ideas out long
form so want to go do speaking events
now I have all these riffs to pull from
mm-hmm you know I love that it's kind of
like a freestyle rapper so much of what
freestyle rappers do from what I've seen
and I'm not of this world so it's a
little dangerous but it seems like it's
not like they're making all of it up on
the spot they've got like certain and
bit sort of plug in it'll do so just
talking about this today you'll do some
freestyle rap I just made this sounds
you today at freestyle records come in
there with some writtens that are like
really clever then they'll take elements
from the surroundings and so it sounds
like a current like fresh right off the
top of the dome thing but they have
elements they've already thought of so
me I'll have like five or six blocks
that I could talk about if you say talk
to me about freelancing and I'll go on
that then I'll pull in information about
sin over there or I'll you pull stuff
from you you and I'll make it relevant
all right
no that's super cool and so what made
you pull the music out that was like the
angle I was like [__] I'm so into this I
know you said you're a badass you love
the music I liked it too it's just more
production time so true you know true I
don't want to be able to get it out yeah
I have like a super not secret at all
fantasy because I've said it out loud
before I really want to partner with
like a big artist so I don't know if
you've ever seen my impact quotes which
is a little bit like what you're talking
about but more emotional where I'm
really trying like impact quotes I think
about performing sure so in a podcast I
would never get into that zone
especially not if I'm with somebody
so impact quotes is a performance and
it's a single take or how about this
it's one take there are times where I'm
like okay I [__] that up I need to
just fly let's scrap it start from
scratch and I'm and I'm trying to get
into that zone but my fantasy would be
to team up with like a DJ and really do
something not just with the music but
like full-blown with images and really
go [__] hardcore that would be a lot
of fun but for the exact reason that you
pulled the music it's so much time like
to get
an artist to create music specifically
for that they're never gonna do that to
have a huge following or there are small
audience but sorry they have a small
audience so this is part of the reason
that I'm so obsessed with building the
following and getting it big is when you
have people's attention the number of
opportunities that open up the number of
people that want to do cool [__] with
you like it is not that I have a lack of
ideas it's that you need more mass
behind you before you can do it
otherwise you have to throw money at
everything and that's how you go broke
all right we have a fan question here my
name is Dylan I'm 10 years old I'm a
vlogger how can I make an impact on
children this is Nisha Khanna my man Dan
you'll take it away that's it I'm so
happy we're looking at this camera
that's you're a camera hello
that's a great question if you're 10
you're already winning I don't even
there's I could pretty much say nothing
to you and just the fact that you're
watching this and you're asking that
question tells me that you're on the
right track
yeah that's that there's a quality the
question reflects the quality of the
asker I'm so curious can we get them to
answer if they're still in the feed are
you with your parent yeah where you buy
your sis a leaf on your phone right if
they're by themselves I'm gonna have a
stroke okay I want an official answer
that one why do I keep looking over here
what are you doing at a computer I keep
thinking you're the one this is you
right you're right there with the people
all right so I'm so curious
so you think Nisha's the parent and not
the well okay let's respond to Dylan
because Dylan is oh my name is Dylan hi
live billing and this is like early in
the day yeah it's the first eight hours
so it's like this we're just now in the
second eight hour check about a little
too early for a mistake like that yeah
all right so we think Dylan is chilling
with Nisha
that makes it okay Dylan yeah look I
mean the first thing is you guys start
putting your work out there so you're a
vlogger and I think that the biggest
thing now for you is gonna be getting
the getting used to being creative and
putting out there publishing it right
it's it's a little bit scary it can be
scary to put work out there it can be
scary to think people might make fun of
you or maybe you're worried that it
won't look good enough but right now I
know it's really hard to
perspective there's no it's impossible
to have perspective at ten but the
reality is you have probably honestly
you about two decades to get to the
point where that work can really start
to build and get really good yeah we'll
start to notice a lot I'm curious do you
think that Dylan should read the
comments when he puts work out I think
it might even be helpful for I mean
Misha if that's your mom maybe even
disable the comments that's interesting
so I'm conflicted on this because here's
the truth Dylan you're going to have to
toughen up and you're gonna have to take
some hard criticism but God would I have
been prepared for that at ten absolutely
not
so for you to get where you want to go
you're gonna have to hear what people
think the bad news is that so one I read
virtually every comment that I get
really uh-huh a hundred percent that's
that hurts me so but I will say I went
on Joe Rogan I didn't read a single
[__] comment so I listened to Sam
Harris and he goes let me let me tell
you right now don't read the comments on
Joe Rogan like he didn't tell me
personally I was listening to him doing
a podcast he went on Joe Rogan and he
said that the comments were so like god
I don't remember what word he used what
it made me think of was like Neanderthal
ik like they're so just like slinging
mud and calling names and he was like
yeah I'm never reading the comments on
Joe Rogan again so going into it I knew
okay I'm not gonna read the comments on
Joe Rogan some of the team read them and
they're like oh my god like definitely
don't read these so that's the audience
but I read the comments that come in
from this community for sure like deeply
and I take what they say very seriously
and so you know I think you're right on
the money but now how does Dylan think
about the comments how does he let that
shape him because some people are just
going to try to hurt him that's it there
there aim in life is to wound him so but
at the same time if he can hear the
feedback from the people that really are
just giving him real feedback they don't
have ill intent but they're really
giving him something that might be
useful that allow him to sharpen and get
better god if you can find some way you
know and maybe like you said it's it's
Nisha's the answer and
[Music]
[__] goes through and pulls the comments
that are positive or constructive and
avoiding like I'll tell you right now if
you write a comment and you're like Tom
you're a [__] and don't explain why
I'm a [__] if you explain it I'll
listen and if it's like you're actually
trying to explain why what I did makes
me look like a [__] or come across
like that I'll leave it but if you're
just like Tom you're a dick I delete it
because you have to tend your garden
right so the truth is impact or my you
know fort slash Tom bill you is not a
place for freedom of expression it is a
place to empower other people and I
shall act as such and so if your comment
is useful and it's criticism that I can
use to get better and then thusly help
other people I'm all for it if you're
just slinging mud and being a jackass
that [__] gets deleted but it's got it
it's gotta be like on the flip side if
you can if Dylan can get through that
period you know with the help of parents
and support and understanding what's
going on first of all it might it might
not even there's a good chance that
people could be weird in the comments
bells people might be really nice right
that does happen a lot of times or the
majority of them are nice hopefully we
can hope people that will be they will
be and second if they are kind of a
jackass it's gonna really toughen you up
for like school at ten no question I
can't even I suppose really exposed to
that much public scrutiny at such a
young age so it's really hard for me to
imagine what that might be like but I
can also think about myself now and
think yeah it's toughened me up like I
had someone tell me the other day though
they want to throw me in a you know
wheat Thresher cup what that was you
took the time to look it up yeah I was
like oh this is interesting is like yeah
Shami off very rough way to go what do I
just what articles bro
yeah I write blog posts I don't know why
they never make you wanna chop me up so
we have to move your mic a little bit
closer and here we go alright we're in
business now so funny I put that on the
floor so I wouldn't keep bashing it it
keeps popping back up alright it was
good am I supposed to do something with
it
oh I'm just like at any time draw on it
nice
I thought we gave up on the would you
rather 'z well in honor of that one I
wanted
I would let's get straight to it would
you write this is this is a property or
email this do it no I'm telling you this
team does not play around they have
everything you see is because this team
is amazing oh all right I know would you
rather be the worst player on the best
team or the best player on a great team
wait repeat the question yeah that that
that gets a little nuanced here let's do
that one more time would you rather be
the worst player on the best team or the
best player I think they mean on a good
team I mean that's not that's like
saying do you want to be a C or a d-list
or in LA or an a-lister in Atlanta yes
nicely what's your goal is your get your
goal to be well I mean you know it
depends on your goal like if you want to
be an a-lister some some people's their
need won't be satisfied until they're an
a-list or in LA there is no in-between
right but me probably I I think I'd
rather be an a-lister because because
you don't have to be the number one you
don't have to be Will Smith to be very
successful so you can be very successful
in a niche and then your niche which is
small can also be really big like with
impact the whole impact brand you might
end up only affecting like X amount of
people well not the whole world but you
might have end up you might end up
hitting a significant sliver right now
so let's just finish I'd rather be the
biggest player in a smaller pond I think
it's more manageable you can meet people
you know you know cheers everyone knows
your name there's nothing wrong with
that there's also like a point I try to
make is if you have an email list let's
say you have an email list and people
say I want to get a million people on my
email list or I want a million people on
Facebook or but you know the viral goals
one hundred thousand impact theory yeah
awesome right Madison Square Garden at
its peak is 22,000 people so think of it
like that you have for Madison Square
Gardens that you can reach with a
message in a cleaner away because if you
ever been on a microphone in a stadium
you know echoes hello hello hello hello
they can barely even hear you you know
they can hear you clearly when you have
a following like this and so you don't
need to have a huge following isn't it
enough to have you know 100,000 emails
doesn't need to be a million to make the
change you want to make maybe maybe not
you make the choice yeah I think that's
the
the only right answer is there is no
right answer there's only like what
serves your goals like for instance with
us raw numbers is so meaningful to what
we're trying to do so emotionally it's
not like oh I got to have it to look
good and I got to keep growing and I
know that like our obsession with
getting our numbers up like especially
now there's like this backlash against
people that have big followings like
like you don't need that big following
bro or people that have the huge line
like I don't give a [__] about like the
numbers not about the numbers for us
it's it is quite literally yeah like we
need both just unbelievable unparalleled
engagement and we need big numbers
because the two things were trying to do
one just pull as many people out of the
matrix as humanly possible and if I'm
not reaching them then a no chance of
pulling them out and then the second is
to leverage it from a studio perspective
to create the ultimate kind of content
that we want to create which is
traditional narrative I need big numbers
otherwise we're never going to be able
to we'll be taken advantage of by the
system so while we get our feet under us
while we get projects out there while we
generate a library of intellectual
property I need the numbers in order to
go to the negotiating table with power
so those and that's why we all of our
content is free because the trade-off
here is I need these numbers I need you
guys to share the feed if it's adding
value because that's how we're gonna get
the power that we go to the table so
it's one of those where as an individual
they don't really even have to think
about it's not a give for them in that
sense but we need the just the raw
numbers one to get guests two getting
guests helps us build relationships
three and let's just walk in - let's
just say Netflix - be easy and we've
developed us a TV show and we go to
Netflix and we say look there's five
hundred thousand people and our
ecosystem of three million that are
galvanized around this show and we've
been putting it out as a comic book or
whatever and so now there's like a big
audience they're really excited for this
to come to market if you want it then
we're gonna retain some of the
merchandising rights so anyway that's
where I would actually give the opposite
answer so I'm the guy that you were
describing at the beginning which is I
need to be the a-lister in LA like
that's nothing else will do for me well
you know
move you have a game show set in your
house so so that would be your your
tracking nicely you're tracking nicely
yes but you know what yeah and that's
there's I think that's like as it should
be
I think it's as it should be you look at
people that's because you're like you're
on your you're on your path you're going
you're riding a horse and direction it
wants to go right for instance like I
think that what where the problem lies
is like when you become obsessed with
numbers that don't mean anything to you
right it means something to you to have
that ability to pull people out of the
matrix but for some people were like I
wish my video had more views you're just
like for what why you don't need a
million views in your video to do what
with you know so but so viral is like
inconsequential to purpose and if your
purpose is that I need to put a lot of
matrix and yeah you're gonna get your
numbers up people gonna want to work
with you man I've seen your facebook
video I'm like is he sponsoring this or
what why does it have so many he just
put it up I was absolutely of use so
what you're doing is working thank you
so you should keep doing that yeah and
then you know that is a matter of like
you have your ecosystem and then you
keep kind of an open eye for what trends
are popping off so that you can kind of
like ride the wave ride the wave that's
the thing to most people make this
mistake of thinking like they asked me
like what's how do I go viral how do I
blow up what's the what's the secret and
really what the secret is is you peel
back the layers first of all it's like
mastery of a skill so this isn't your
first time hosting a show you've been
you've figured out how to like create
content like yeah this is a newer
venture but you've been honing this
skill for a while you're obviously also
you already have a natural like interest
and ability with like hosting people
talking to people it is you're clearly
in your lane okay so there's that plus
there's the years of practice
plus there's now being observant of
trends you know that video does very
very well so you've set up your life to
make it easy to do great video because
videos really well now you don't need to
have a studio like this to do great
video you don't need to do video like
tom bill you but you can do great video
and if that's what's tracking then it is
no coincidence that you'd be spending
years working on your presentational
skills building up your relationships
and now you're doing video and oh you're
lucky impact Theory blew up you know and
to be clear there's also money in this
you put a lot of money and time into
this you have a staff but you don't need
all that you need to be honing the skill
and then watch me for the trends that's
what I do with Instagram my thing was
writing I'm really good at writing okay
so I studied that so I worked on my
writing I interned other under people I
worked for people I studied I got really
good at writing I watched the trends I
saw the instagrams gonna take off I
hitched on Instagram it started using my
writing to build websites and pages that
people signed up for and I filled up
classes the size of a college course you
know to do that
watching the trends plus the skill
already developed you're doing the same
thing you can do that too but probably
what most people try to do is try to
skip the they try to skip right to the
second step which is what's the trend
but you got to match up the trend with
the ability that is really [__] clear
and so important really important I hope
people listen to that one I don't know
if that's come from your rap battle
practice or not new one like that was
great yes I mean that was well thought
out
it is so 100 percent correct so people
are paying attention that one all right
fan question from Cameron RN what is
your definition of hustle do you believe
there are limits on work ethic and drive
that's a great one I know you don't
think there's any limits on workout they
can drive what's the interesting man do
I believe that there are limits um your
whole thing is like showing us that our
potential is unlimited
yes and now let's back into that there
are 24 hours in a day right so dams are
yeah I don't know man are there limits
yes because how about this you probably
should put limits on it because there
should be other things in your life that
really help you get a deep sense of
fulfillment right like not everything
should be hustle so from an optimizing
the human perspective unless you're
gonna start counting meditation as
hustle which okay I could hear that
argument but I
yeah I'm I'm not a guy that like always
needs to be on a meditation hustle right
present right now really I'm grinding on
my thing right I'm sure I feel like I
give you a thing if Gary starts
meditating he's gonna grind it yeah
exactly right
presidents buck right now
dude I love that like he's amazing so
what do you think uh I think that
limited hustle yeah what and part of
reason why I mentioned Gary is I think
his work is great too and but I also
think people try to emulate that style
of mentality too much that really is
just the way he is and you don't have to
like fake it you don't have to pretend
like you always want to be hustling a
few if sometimes you need something else
to like break it up so that you have
some sanity and you're right hustling
24/7 you're as an entrepreneur someone
that has that type of programming you're
always meeting about your business
anyway but like last night for instance
it was 10:30 or 11:00 and I you know it
worked for most of the day Sarah was up
- she's working her busting ass - and
it's like at 11:00 o'clock I'm like you
know what I'm just gonna choose to stop
working right now and I can pick it up
in the morning and whatever doesn't get
done between now and time I wake up is
gonna just have to deal with it because
I'm gonna spend some time and we're
gonna just not do that anymore and that
just has to be one of your modes you
can't me personally I cannot look
because I need the asset I am the asset
you are the asset you're the asset if
you can't really if you're not really
around this whole thing shuts down like
even though you have people and a team
and systems if Tom isn't good it doesn't
really go at least for this part of the
business so you have to shut down at
some point every day except for today
it's a very special day yes very true so
I'm a huge believer in hustle and I love
that I love that mentality and I
definitely consider myself a grinder oh
yeah definitely consider myself a
hustler hard my thing is that when
you're leaving it all out on the field
then you don't feel bad when it's time
to take time off right like - look when
I decide to veg the [__] out like I
don't have any guilt about that
whatsoever because I've I've played hard
like I I live in accordance with my
goals there's no question so that's me
and even Gary like he takes them off he
travels he takes vacation so I don't
think there's anybody that's that's
gonna last that's really grinding around
the clock well I mean or you die at 27
yeah which I mean and to be fair like I
used to actually I thought it was so
funny when I was a kid I would see these
reports online of like
or the regular newspaper back for anyone
who remembers surprised magazine
yesterday someone asked me a day they
like to remember the movie Groundhog Day
I said get out of here come on
anyway um I see you like how old are you
I've seen movies Tom seeing movies
Barnes you you're still in your 20s yes
I'm almost 30
okay I was born 1988 88 wait man you're
so far ahead of who I was
so far I know but not really look at
this [__] okay so I'm in my 40s
aren't you 53 I wish I were 53 because
then I would look good but sadly no just
kidding I'm just kidding well I was
gonna say that um that yeah I mean the
the hustle like it eventually will come
to a point where you have to make a
decision and whether like who you want
to be and to be the best version of
yourself you just need rest
you gotta sleep I know you do too I
you're up and I see you're up working
out early but I know you rest and you
relax new me Charlie my thing is I tell
people all the time I prioritize sleep
I'm up early because I go to bed early
yeah well time to go to bed 9:00 p.m. my
keys malicious yeah it's yeah I when I
was waking up real early that was time I
had to go to bed too
I'm not doing that as much right now I
used to do like between 4 and 45 for 45
now a little bit different just because
I'm not doing the book thing I'm not
writing a book but um yeah you have to
go bed early to wake up early it's not
it's not like you're staying up until
2:00 and I'm waking it before now that'd
be [__] yeah and I don't set an
alarm so I literally get as much sleep
every night
yeah that's pretty cool to not have to
do that - I do that too and I woke up
about 7:15 no alarm and you're like oh
this is what it feels like to not be
pestered as soon as I wake up great you
know I still I still just check my
emails first thing Oh
which is the worst I know it's so bad
yeah I'm just I'm I'm immediately
addicted to it that's so interesting
I am repulsed by email it gives me
anxiety I have trained myself to feel a
deep and abiding shame if I'm checking
now I'm being shamed like like you know
by by product areas my shame is so
various building over into I feel a lot
of anxiety about email - and I have
gotten better at it but I'm not good at
it interesting yeah
all right we have a fan question here
this is from Rob Tyson bigger companies
are starting to hire entrepreneurial
creative type people
create new verticals within their
companies also known as intrapreneurs
could this be an opportunity for
entrepreneurs if they have the freedom
like entrepreneurs but with stability
does that make them entrepreneurs
alright well it's this is fascinating
so in this can you feel the judgment
that entrepreneurs are somehow good or
better
so let me hopefully set anybody out
there free that doesn't want to be an
entrepreneur which is a high-risk
endeavor being an entrepreneur is not
better there's nothing better about that
so it's just gotten really cool and by
the way I love that it's cool and I
think that that's gonna create an
aspirational culture around learning to
execute at the highest level so I
[__] love that I think it's amazing
it used to only be actors and musicians
and now like entrepreneurs are the new
rock star and it's really exciting and
fun and we can build followings I think
that is so cool so I'm not bashing out
I'm just saying it isn't better it isn't
better than being a lynchpin and to me
those are the choices so intrapreneur
the the greatest entrepreneur I've ever
met is Jay salmon who wrote the book
disrupt you I love Jay so amazing this
guy is awesome a bully and for his cup
for companies and just walks away like
something is there's a billion made you
a billion made you a billion yeah it's
incredible his rolodex is ridiculous and
because he's made so many people money I
mean he can just get virtually anybody's
attention at any time a good point
very impressive and so there is
stability in that and that is a very
valid path to choose whether that make
some entrepreneurs or not to me is
irrelevant like they're badass change
makers yeah 100 percent linchpins 100
percent no no one no one goes to someone
like Jay and says yeah but what are you
though you were not your neighbor like
listen yeah you did him on here I have
on my show too
he's just a smart guy who understands
organizations he can he doesn't need the
label he can go in and out he can start
his own thing he can start someone
else's thing you can help you out there
are opportunities for entrepreneur isn't
another guy who is really good at
thinking like this critically is Jay
Abraham another Jay so no Jay Abraham is
like a very very high level like I would
call him like a legacy marketer he's
like Tony Robbins
number one guy Daymond John calls him
his mentor so so Jay Abraham is like a
very old school but like very high-end
thought leader when it comes to like
customer retention preeminence is his
thing and and he's really good at like
looking at a company he has this this
like anecdote which he tells in some in
his books about how he was able to like
see the opportunities within companies
especially even before influence was a
thing as much and see where the gaps
were and fill them in with different
products and services opportunities
there's tons of things for you to do now
I mean there's so much opportunity as a
as an entrepreneur because part of what
we're looking for is for you to teach us
how to connect with each other like if
you part part of the opportunities
entrepreneurs it's not just to create
new products which create new
connections it's a grey and and you can
do that really well with a company that
already has the assets you don't have to
make the assets and the connections you
can just do one of them it's a really
good point and I think is really about
being honest with yourself about what
you are what I'm excite what is exciting
for you what your goals are what they
demand so based on my goals and wanting
to control my art and that which is how
it started originally I wanted to
actually direct the film's now I want to
be producing the film's at a much higher
level but it required me to become an
entrepreneur in order to generate the
finances to control that yeah
so that's what my goals demand so I
wasn't a born entrepreneur but I had to
slide into that role so people really
need to decide like what resonates with
them internally what resonates with
their goals like what is it what do
their goals actually demand and from
that decide whether you want to be an
entrepreneur or an intrapreneur a
lynchpin or just quite frankly somebody
who lives a stress-free life all of
those are incredibly valid choices that
can lead to a deep sense of fulfillment
you just like have to be real instead of
like getting caught up in the cool
factor it's like starting a band when
you don't give a [__] about music ya got
to do that that yeah it's like okay
everyone's doing your ATAR courses now
but like I don't like guitar right so
what's the gut are though can you play I
can but really badly
really everyone can play a few songs and
an instrument really badly yeah
chopsticks on the piano yes
actually used to be able to do that all
right we have another fan question this
one is from Christopher sighs hey Tom I
am a part owner in a hummus come oh I
love hummus comes up a lot on this how
do we get customers to know about us
once we are on the shelves we have no
problem getting into stores just
figuring out how to get people to know
about us so I will say that the the key
here is one what can you negotiate with
a store in terms of presence doing
discounts being in their fliers being in
their advertisements all ideally at the
local level because I'm sure what's
happening is you're getting into stores
at the local level versus maybe at the
chain wide it's certainly much easier to
advertise anyway at the local level and
I would build on success locally move to
the next one get success there move to
the next one because grocery stores look
at something that's called a turn rate
if you're not meeting the turn rate well
you may get on shelves easily if you're
not selling at a certain velocity
they're gonna pull you out they have
what are called minimums so make sure
you know what their minimum turn rate is
so that you know whether you think you
can meet that and that you're doing the
things marketing and advertising that
you need to do now when it comes to food
if you can't give away your product then
you probably have a real problem so I
would with any store that would let us
if I really believe in my product I
would actually target stores that really
let you go in and do demos so you're
gonna go in with a demo person an
awesome demo person someone who really
knows how to get people excited about
the product and get in there
demo the product get people amped about
it and go from success to success to
success much better to start small and
really crush it so you've got great
numbers you can go to the next store
manager or the next franchisee and show
them the numbers because that's what
everybody wants to see even if they like
the product they won't necessarily bring
it in if they don't think it's gonna
move units so if you have that success
story that's very powerful I'm actually
writing about something you said which i
think is just an amazing just funny very
simple idea if you can't give your
product away you have a big problem yes
if you give you know and there's a bunch
of protein bars that you couldn't give
me I've done bodybuilding shows or gonna
like you know like you know fit that
expose and stuff I'm like oh throw it
out I just trash it if you produce
something and I won't even eat it for
especially with food eat it for free
correct
if you give me an event t-shirt and I
wouldn't even I won't even wear as a
free shirt why it's almost a burden to
give it to me because now I have to
throw it out or do something with it
right it becomes more why would I want
like a Northwest fishermen's Expo
t-shirt with a logo on the breast it's
it's just it's selfish of you to make me
you know I think I would wear that it's
anything with food so yeah if you can't
give it away
that's a really smart one I'm gonna
start using that nice all right got
another question here from John Philippi
love the learnings coming from this live
feed though I questioned telling a
ten-year-old that they can't get
perspective at that age and that he will
need to wait two decades to get an
audience etcetera do you think that
limiting or realistic I mean he's ten
and brain is opened up to ideas and
concepts most of us weren't aware of
till a much later age what do you think
yeah fair point fair point I mean I was
rolling my eyes and I was like actually
you know fair point here's my thing I I
have just misses my own it's an opinion
it's an opinion my opinion is that you
just have so much growing to do at ten
that vlogging it might you might have
found your like your thing Steven
Spielberg if he'd had vlogging would
have probably done that he was doing
that with his little Cameron his little
eight mill his little you know eight
millimeter camera but maybe you try vlog
innocent annual and you realize it's
actually not the thing the point I was
trying to make was you have a long
runway to try different projects fail
not really worry about trying to get
attention which at ten you shouldn't be
worrying about trying to build an
audience at ten I don't care you
shouldn't just like they shouldn't
really be doing pageant moms with their
screaming at their kids to like fit into
a tutu and a suit you know it's weird I
think it's weird so you don't I just I
just feel like it's patience is
something that can be taught any agent
perspective necessarily yeah you can
have perspective from a ten-year-old
perspective and then you have one from
my 20 year old and 30 year old and 50
year old so yeah I don't think it was
unreasonable what I said but I
understand what it was I'm saying it's
interesting so I think skills and
insights stack so I think that there's a
real cool opportunity for him to present
what it's like to be a 10 year old and
it would certainly deliver me insights
as somebody who I know what it's
to be ten but I don't know it's like to
be ten today I don't know what it's like
to be ten in a universe with social
media so I could see that being
interesting but at the same time that he
is by definition gonna grow more
powerful over time which look at Anakin
Skywalker Wow went straight to Anakin I
knew I knew you'd appreciate it I do
I very much appreciate it and his
midi-chlorians yeah although he turned
out to be kind of thumbs down for you
that's but he had a lot of potential he
did and there was a lot of room for
growth getting sadder by the way he
definitely had a lot of your are bored
Dylan is still in the feed what's up
so what is up Dylan Dylan you became a
big part of this feed my man so if you
want to know if the 10 year old can have
impact you're having it right now
true wherever some tension about it
indeed we are alright so next up we've
got our segment prize which is the book
by our man which we showed at the top of
the hour which is ditch your average job
start an epic business and score the
life you want and then I think this is
also part of it the five classpass boom
so we got five classpass to go with it
to hundreds of studios around the u.s.
this unfortunately is in the u.s.
giveaway question alright so here we go
the giveaway question to win
those items is list your three favorite
millennial entrepreneurs by the way I
meant to ask you speaking of marks
what's the owl tattoo means oh okay so
this is a sorry it's a parrot right yeah
it's a parrot so this is this is an
African Gray African Gray is the most
intelligent parent in the world and can
learn a lot of different languages you
can have conversations with it
they can live like 67 years yeah my
grandmother had one before she died and
so this is a bird that I grew up getting
to know and so like it was a 30 year old
bird and eventually got given away to
another person cuz she died but to have
to have grown up with an animal like
that for so long and have it like you
could be like same as Macy like hi Macey
how it's like good how are you like it's
an actual it's a very smart bird so I
got this in memory of my grandmother
also just a cool little that's just cool
little do you ever read about Alex the
parrot
yeah I remember is that the trainer's
name that's interesting I've never
remember that but you could tell my
grandmother's into parrots so that yeah
the very specific knowledge point that
is if a very specific knowledge
oh you mean Irene Pepperberg nothing
great behavioral specialist yeah
yeah I'm better yeah yeah alex is great
he Amin in a lot of African grades are
like that though they don't just retain
this what's freaky is though them
they'll imitate your voice but say
different words oh so it will be like it
would be Maisie be like in my
grandmother's voice Daniel what are you
doing after she'd already died whoa
kinda a little weird right that's crazy
yeah that's really that's repent that's
a weird my wife grew up with an African
Grey yeah so yeah so yeah she's obsessed
and we went to I think it was a San
Diego Zoo and they have a bunch of
african greys there I walked by the
african greys do not pay me a single
mind my wife walks by and they literally
rush up the little branches right to the
edge of the cage to get close to her
it was crazy it's interesting they're
from the Congo a lot of them are you
know what's interesting too so for
anyone who doesn't know I'm black and
Italian right so I'm you know I'm this
brown kid and I'm running in and out of
my grandmother's house as a kid cuz I
had this hold this bird my whole life
growing up and so for whatever reason
though may see the parrot was like
extremely afraid of my dad who's much
darker than me so I was like maybe she's
racist you know like yeah this racist
way and she's also afraid of my other
friend Mark who's like a dark skin and
she didn't shout he was okay with me
she's fine with my mom so she's racist I
think she's racist i don't think all
african greys are like that though
because they're from africa right y'all
be inc you would think the congo all
right we have another fan question this
one from Amy Marie Stroud how do you put
those boundaries in for work so that you
don't burn out while maintaining the
hustle well are you doing a 24 hour
livestream Tom I don't know what your
answer to this would be yeah yeah I had
a take I mean how do you how do you not
burn out you have to how do you put
boundaries in I think that you go
through phases I think there are
definitely phases I'm sure you can
relate to this building quest where
there were no boundaries and then you
put them in when you probably put your
values in for the first time when you
overstep them without knowing you're
like oh I accidentally stayed up for two
weeks I probably shouldn't do that you
know and then then you start to like you
get
or you get more more practice and
experience like really putting together
a schedule that works for you like this
is the time I like to wake up this is
how I'm gonna wake up and I'm more
refresh and you start to get more
awareness that's why I was saying with
Dylan at 10:00 you just wouldn't know
that you know now at 30 I'm 29 and
months my said no I feel like I feel
like I've been dropped on me you just
realize how to handle things but you're
like oh I don't really wake up that well
at 4:00 I'm gonna do 7 but I can stay up
till this time and you start to
negotiate with yourself but you said key
so yeah you don't have to burnout I
think you just need to be more like more
aware of how you're spending your time
and and be kind to yourself
entrepreneurs really uh grind themselves
hard and I think that that's only good
at bursts mmm so my thing is I actually
don't think about boundaries at all as
noted here by the 24-hour live and I
don't think about boundaries for two
reasons one my wife has very good
instincts about what the relationship
needs and since I care essentially about
two things and that is the business and
my family my wife sort of being the the
very tip of that iceberg that I care
very much about so she's really good at
reading those situations I think without
her I'd probably make a lot more
mistakes and letting you know
relationships go too long without
speaking to somebody because I get very
very focused on what I'm doing and then
the other thing is that I I'm so and I
can't remember if I said that I there
were two things that stopped me from
having boundaries but there's two
reasons I should say that I don't think
about them so one is my wife really
making me good about them and then the
other is that what I do makes me feel
alive
it is energizing to me and so I probably
enough had less boundaries back when I
hated my life that was because I was in
a period where I really had to learn who
I was prove something to myself I had a
really big chip on my shoulder
and it was all about grinding to get
rich and then ultimately I broke went in
and quit and just couldn't take it
anymore I mean that's like I've told
that story so many times I won't go into
it here but post that sort of snapping
point and making the mandate that I
enjoy what I'm doing even if the only
thing I ever taste is the struggle once
I said okay the struggle in and of
itself has to be gratifying it has to be
enjoyable has to be some
that I'm loving doing even if I'm losing
so that changed everything for me so now
it's like like when I'm doing this live
like there will never be a point where
I'm like I just really want to quit
right so there'll be times where I'm
super fatigued there'll be times where I
wish I had more energy there'll be times
where I wish I could sleep but I
wouldn't it wouldn't ever occurred to me
to want to actually stop because I'm so
excited about my goals I'm so excited to
do this I'm so excited to meet myself in
the suffering to prove to the community
how much they mean to me like not in
words but in actual actions that all of
that like excitement just keeps me going
yeah you know what I love too it's that
there's so much so much of especially
like and I don't really consider you
you're not an internet marketer but
internet marketing is a tool that you
use and it's a tool a lot of people use
to kind of like create themselves
automated avatars of themselves but
you're doing this here live and so it's
just you it's not you're not like
there's no stage magic going on here
besides the lights it's like you're just
here talking to people and it's it's
work you're gonna be hearing people go
to bed and when they wake up
yeah and you're so you're working for
them and you're doing you're doing a
service like I think it's great man and
I think that you've done a couple really
interesting things obviously like Quest
is great but I think that the purpose
behind those things like creating
something great for nutrition you told
me about your story about how your
family could really use something like
this now they needed this knowledge and
you created a product like embody that
and then now you're doing content that's
designed to like get people to think
about things in different ways there's
like there's a lot of meaning behind
that so I could see why you might want
to be up for 24 hours I get it you know
I get it Powers you and there's an
unlimited supply of that energy too
there's no cap on being pumped about
really pumped about what you're doing
yeah and I think that's you know one of
those really really important lessons
that I learned that I hope people don't
have to learn the hard way that I did
and kind of terrifying cuz enough people
told me to like hey follow your passion
stuff and I didn't and or I fooled
myself into thinking that I was
passionate about money and then when you
really stop and think of like what the
[__] does that mean like money doesn't
do anything yeah it's neutral so yeah it
facilitates and then you can do things
with it but money in and of itself is
inert
so alright we have another question here
from George sue by the way getting these
questions from people that have been
asking questions now multiple over
multiple periods is incredible so George
thank you for joining us how do you
balance protection from above from
Simonsen neck while pushing your team to
the limit to outperform their old selves
god this is a great question great one
got an answer for us well I'm not
familiar with cynics so Simon's
basically saying leaders need to protect
from above so you've got all of your
team you need to come to their aid
protect them shield them from shitty
leadership above or unreasonable demands
or whatever the case might be you need
to push them well he's saying how do you
balance those right um I think I think
example is the easiest way to show what
you'd like to have done without having
to tell people to do it the first the
friends just like building an audience
of any type but the first idea that you
want to go into building a team is
finding people who already have the same
mindset the same worldview because then
you want to convince them that the way
you're doing things is the right way for
the most part I mean they're really
trained they're training but like you
won't need to convince them that what
you're doing isn't meaningful and
important and that is a big hump because
a lot of times at the work that we do we
don't really believe it's meaningful or
important so why would we put why would
we go all-in like why would I spend an
extra hour doing this legal brief when I
don't care about anything about this
right you know so you have a good team
and your team is already set up to where
they like your team's your team's
awesome they're on it they're come up
with new ideas like you said they set
this entire thing up you're the talent
you know they produced it you're a
producer - no no 100% they produce it no
I don't want to make you seem like you
don't produce now it's very kind of you
but trust me when I say these guys have
done this either way so you found the
right you found the right fit and now
you've found the team but you're still
leading by demonstrating what to do and
so you're shielding them by making sure
that they're you know they're getting
everything that they need you're
treating them well you're leading them
by showing them but not necessarily
telling them you're the one up doing
this for 24 hours and because you're up
there up - so you don't need to say stay
up because you're up it's not like
you're saying stay up I'm going to bed
right here you know I think we keep a
live stream going I got to get some rest
Leigha from the front so here's here's
what I'll say I take a very different
take on that and I think that Simon is
genius and I'm so grateful for his
insights but the truth is I don't
necessarily agree with him on everything
and I think that one of the things is
that certainly in a given in company
type like this where it's I have hired
people specifically because they are all
in and one of the reasons that we Lisa
and I decided to give equity to every
full-time employee it's because I want
[__] that are all in like you
don't get equity and then oo also like
aren't you don't need to be fully
invested here like the whole idea behind
giving equity is to give people that are
crossing the finish line get people that
are totally invested like I want
[__] that are that are in this
like you understand like before you come
on you're gonna understand what our
vision is what we're trying to
accomplish and you either buy into it
and you come in with the full weight of
who you are and now I'm gonna you know
to his point about it's not for me it's
not covered from above because I'm the
CEO but it's like I'm trying to create
that atmosphere where you can bring the
full weight of your personality that
there's no one to protect you from
because the system is set up in a way
where it's like you come in you do what
you're good at as long as you're focused
on getting better every day
like you're fine like if you [__] up and
make a mistake you cost us a lot of
money honestly that doesn't matter what
matters the only cardinal sin is you're
resistant to the lesson you resistant to
saying I screwed up and that all comes
from the top so I have more times than I
care to remember have sat in in our
weekly kickoff meeting and apologized
and said I did this and I consider that
a failure I did not play to the level
that I wanted to and I believe no one's
asking for it but I believe I owe you an
apology because man you should be able
to expect the absolute most ridiculous
high standard out of me I'm not always
gonna be able to pull it off I get that
but you should be able to expect that of
me now what I want to show you is I am
not resistant to the lesson okay I
messed up I fully acknowledge that I
messed up here's my strategy to not do
it again and now watch over time I'm
going to execute against it you're gonna
see me get better you're going to see
you really work to improve so now when
you come I want you when it's your
mistake I want you to do the same so the
the behavior that you can see being
emulated is you come in if you messed up
no big deal like own the mistake learn
from it tell me what you're gonna do
differently next time and let's just get
back at it but if you're like you're so
eco protective that you can't even
accept that you made a mistake
that's where this really starts to get
problematic and so to me it's what I
hear in Simon's saying like how do you
protect people from above
it's your organization's [__] up if
you have to protect people from above
right and I'm not saying look that is
really hard to do and I have been the
creator of problems way too many times
in my life so these are lessons that
I've learned the hard way please do not
think that I have just some magical
insight but you were perfect believe it
or not I'm not I know that startling
idea I came here thinking I was gonna
need a perfect guy and he's not it's
terrible so these guys the laughter is
anxiety this is not on date I thought we
were doing I thought we were dating man
well it is I thought something different
was happening no I agree
that's super important in my opinion
yeah well yeah I think this culture
right creating a culture do team super
super important yeah so to their
question about balance I'm not trying to
balance I'm trying to eek the potential
out of every single moment and that's
but you know what you said earlier I
don't ask people I didn't ask a single
person not even my wife to do the 24
hours with me yeah what I thought it was
I don't mean in the original pitch was
that they would sort of come in waves
right and then ultimately through the
middle of the night it would essentially
be me in a camera and maybe somebody
slept during the day so that they could
come and just make sure we didn't lose
Internet and I'm here talking exactly so
that was that was the vision and then
more and more people were just like I
don't know I'll be here I'll be here
I'll be here so that was cool not to me
as a good sign my question is at what
point do you get so much tech in here
that you don't actually know how to work
it yourself we're already there
in fact I'm not even sure that any one
person knows anything
yeah can anyone get was running did but
now I don't think she does because
everything to get a new piece a new
person they know that how to do that
thing especially with all like the
Facebook live hasn't made it that easy
like with their plug-in not promote the
API and multicam yeah hard I know you're
doing like you're doing the works I've
done some live stream just from a
desktop and with a basic DSLR on
Facebook and it's like their systems for
sure systems yeah yeah no question get
them systems alright we've got another
question this is from Joe Tallarico what
is both your opinions on when to quit
versus when to keep going love this
topic this is a good one well Seth Godin
has a great has a great perspective on
this with the dip and he was on my
podcast a few weeks ago and he talked
about to two places to give up one is in
the beginning after you've taken an
assessment of the scenario of the
situation so you look at let's say in an
alternate fictional universe you're like
I want to make a nutrition bar what
would that be like crazy world so like
you start doing it and you're like
rolling and out the ingredients with the
rolling pains doing the whole thing like
same thing like quest early days and
then you realize you know what actually
our suspicions are confirmed it's not
possible to make the bar the way we want
it to like it's not just a manufacturing
process like the whole thing is just not
gonna worry when you test it and you put
in enough research to get to the point
where you can make a real decision and
then you had to kill it after you've
done the research or you kill it or you
stop doing it after you've gone through
the hard part but you anticipate the dip
you know that once you've done the work
in the beginning to know it's a good
idea between that and the end where
you're either successful or not
successful there's gonna be this dip
where you totally lose motivation to do
the work and so you'd make a commitment
to go through that forward or go through
that before you go forward and so I I
think it's okay to give up but only
after you've made an assessment that
what you're doing is actually to your
detriment as you go because you can go
deeper into something just out of pride
and ego and that a lot of people run
into that when starting a business yeah
I think that's a really good description
there's another description that Eric
Barker talks about in his book but if
I'm not mistaken he's citing somebody
else's research but it's the woop method
wo o P
and I always end up getting the O's
backwards but it's wish obstacle no wish
outcome obstacle plan sure so you wish
oh I want to be rich what is the outcome
that you want I want to start a
nutrition company and make food that
people could choose based on taste
happens to be good for them okay
what is the obstacle manufacturing is
gonna be brutally difficult what's the
plan I'm gonna learn manufacturing and
get into engineering and engineer our
own equipment if when you lay all that
out you go god that does not sound like
fun then your emotional response to
whoop tells you that yeah this you
probably not something you like enough
to get past the dip for sure so that
that to me is really important for
people to understand and that you have
to turn inward look for areas of
interest do the whoop do the the the dip
get far enough into the research into
actually doing it that you get an
emotional response early in the process
so you can decide okay do I really like
this enough to keep pushing because
things are gonna get very difficult in
my language the struggle is guaranteed
the success is not sure so are you gonna
be willing to do this for ever or for a
very long time knowing that you're just
gonna struggle struggle struggle
struggle struggle so would it still be
fun would you still love it and the two
times in my life where I've been able to
say unequivocably yes we're quest and
impact theory well I was gonna say so
people don't brush over this fact this
is important it's not like every time
you like it's not like a clean a video
game or when you die you start back at
the beginning when you die in business
sometimes you do lose money or there's
sometimes you do lose but more often
than not you've gained connections
you've gained experience you've gained
situational knowledge that's you just
can't read about it from a book there's
no like book like the book on what if
you want to produce a nutrition product
that isn't currently manufactured it
just doesn't that's that book sadly
you're right yeah it doesn't that's the
only book doesn't exist right so so you
gain it now so you don't start back from
the beginning every everything you do is
it's a building block just like Dylan
won't be doing it for the next 20 years
so there's no there's really isn't any
failure except if you're like
entrepreneurship sucks which at that
point maybe it would have been better to
take it
assessment before you gotta do and say I
actually like having like a consistent
paycheck at the same time every month I
enjoy the time I have off with my family
because I agree with you
entrepreneurship isn't like there's no
moral high-ground it's not there's no
ethical or moral implications around the
entrepreneur you're not better person
because you're doing it you know it's
actually it's a it's harder it's way
harder so fine
so I think look at that before we went
into I want to be entrepreneur okay if
yes proceed if I want to proceed am I
willing to go through the struggle
regardless of success yes am I willing
to know that each struggle probably
gonna haven't get better fine okay keep
going you'll never fail then it's
impossible right yeah no I totally agree
and understanding what drives you
understanding what's at your core is
really the the most important thing
people can understand because this stuff
can get so grindy it can get so painful
and it can take so many years that not
enjoying the process not enjoying what
you do and that's why I think mission is
so important there's a great Nietzsche
quote when you have a Y you can
withstand almost any how yeah right so
if if you want to get to the other side
of that dip if you want to have
something that you're able to push
through just years and years and years
of struggle there has to be that thing
that just compels you forward and that's
where I think a lot of people go wrong
they're just thinking about money and
money will let them down every single
time yeah there's a there's a great book
I was
I'm sure that's Nietzsche quote was
before that was written before this book
and makes me think about it
man's search for meaning by Viktor
Frankl to Frankel yeah fantastic book
dude one of the most powerful books in
the world ever written and so talk about
why versus how right like talk to people
give people context who's Victor Frankl
why do you write this book so Viktor
Frankl is he is a he was a psychiatrist
a clinical psychiatrist and I lived was
Poland during the Second World War and
he's a Jew and so he was taken into Nazi
imprisonment and he went through a bunch
of different in imprisonment camps
including ash which was one of the most
savage brutal worst he was in work camps
everything and he suffered a great deal
and he saw his entire family die and
when he was going through this
experience and then for a
after he helped to organize his
experiences from the perspective of a
clinical psychiatrist analyzing his
thoughts and talking about why he was
thinking about the things he was he was
thinking about and why he was
experiencing or why he supposed he was
experiencing these things as he was
going through them and it was it was
probably one of the only first-person
perspectives we've gotten from a
psychiatrist about that time period and
about that specific experience and it
just opens your mind up because I mean
you want to talk about a world of like
shallow quotes you go on Instagram you
want to talk about like really deep
stuff from a guy who's been there who's
been through it his book man's search
for meaning will teach you a lot about
when everything gets stripped away what
keeps you hanging on what makes you not
want to kill yourself basically honestly
what makes you want to withstand others
threats to your life and it's a great
book I'm like overcoming suffering
humanity it's fantastic yeah that book
it rocked me so I'm rocking alright it
says we have a question but we don't
have a question on the TV so I'm feeling
lied to that was right that's what we
just answered I have a question for you
fire away I was at I think a gas station
yesterday I was stopping to get some
like a water before I drove home and of
course I'm like I was looking for the
quest spot now you know what yeah come
on like a course obviously and I saw the
quest hero bars and I read the package
you know just old bodybuilder habit let
me look at these my arrows okay so
looking at them and it says there's a
big like almost a disclaimer on the
package you know right yeah this has all
the sugar was it called
Ali laughs Ali you lo Ali yellows which
says that there's sugar in it but
there's really not so don't worry
basically is what it said I was like and
I remember I love eating this I'm like
there's probably sugar on this but it
but it but it's Tom and whatever song
Tom says I trust my man
so yeah just randomly on Al EULA so ie
Lois has to be labeled as a sugar it
technically is a saccharide right but
just like a wrist at all it only
contributes I think so rhythm at all is
point to calories per gram I think I
lost a point for so when normal sugar
comes in at four calories per gram and
has a massive impact on your blood sugar
all elos does not point for ish I think
calories per gram and it doesn't have
that response to your blood sugar now
this is like full disclaimer we cannot
make this claim whatsoever this is pure
anecdotal I will tell you I mean
literally disclaimer disclaimer
disclaimer anecdotal this is anecdotal
but when we were dr yes when when we
were testing you on long war anecdotal
when we were testing it so i a bunch of
us did this and some of us have the same
result wasn't the only one but there's
like whispers in the community that it's
like this some people like it actually
lowers your blood sugar disclaimer
disclaimer yeah and so I took it and it
did it lowered mine so I've literally no
idea why yep nice literally blood I have
no idea why definitively cannot make
that claim my kid can't promise you
anything test your own blood work with a
doctor like all of the the normal
disclaimers but I was shocked at what my
response was yeah that's good I mean
there's so many new interesting things
I'm learning everyday about ways to
optimize your health I just recently in
the past like six months to a year start
experimenting with fasting for the first
time really even that was like oh oh
this is like this was it was probably
the most like for me revolutionary thing
I learned to do for my health since like
learning that maybe I shouldn't eat
bread every day that type of style you
know it's like it was it so there are
definitely so I'll order some elos to my
house snow sprinkle some and I'll try it
test your blood test your blood see what
it does yeah what the here bar was
delicious like bottom line do this but
my thing is don't trust anyone right so
test your blood see what your individual
responses so that's one thing I can't
stress enough all right we have a
question here from Christy Ratliff what
is your advice on Fanning the flames of
something I have interest in do you
recommend reducing some time at my
full-time job in order to pursue that my
current job takes up a lot of my day
leaving only a little bit of time for
family that's a good one that is a good
one you go alright so here's my thing
the Fanning the flames process looks
like this diving deeper into it so you
look inward you see what is like a
little Firefly and you want to see if
this is something that's really going to
turn into something
need to engage and it's not about
thinking about its actively doing it so
the person that really concretize that
notion of clarity comes through action
was marie forleo and her example was
going to dance class she debated it for
years in her mind and then finally one
day was like I'm just gonna go to a
[__] bass class she goes to the dance
class and realizes like five minutes
into it that she loves it beyond measure
and she was like I never would have
understood that just by thinking about
it she had so much insecurity around
what what are people gonna think and all
that she said by going and doing it it
was so much fun she no longer cared what
anybody else thought I thought that's so
powerful like it always comes from
action so engage in that thing whatever
that thing is whether it's basket
weaving entrepreneurship martial arts
like it doesn't matter go do it and
you'll see in that process if it's
something that you really want to keep
Fanning the flames so the interest will
turn into maybe a fascination and then
once you have it at a fascination we're
like I really want to pursue this as you
go down the path of gaining mastery
that's where you're gonna realize
whether this is gonna become a
full-blown passion or not because the
process of gaining mastery is about
fighting through boredom it's about
continuing to do something long after it
stops being fun because you want to
acquire the skill set and that's where
most people fall out now should you take
time off from your job if you can afford
it and you don't enjoy your job and it's
not giving you enough time to do the
other thing you know that you really
care about yes so that's amazing that's
an incredible position to be in so if
you really are interested in finding out
more about this thing or you just want
to take some time off and go try a bunch
of different things to find out which
one of them really sparks you makes you
feel alive I can't encourage that enough
so that like encountering that stuff is
super super critical well to put it in
the words of a wise Instagrammer don't
wait to be inspired to act acting will
be inspired
nice right who said that I just made it
up yeah yeah but I mean you get you you
become more inspired it's like you know
you go to the gym and the endorphins
actually make you feel like working out
when you're working out but not
beforehand
I mean that's a great point III used to
really really enjoy the thought of going
to the gym now I enjoyed the thought
much less but I still enjoy the action
it's interesting I hate the thought and
the action yeah well
you know what you're still in there so
you're interviewing something that you
hate every day right but you're willing
to go but it's paint on both sides like
the pain of either going through going
to the gym or the pain of not going and
all the things that happen is you don't
go body starts to suck in mental way you
know mental stuff going on like it's
hard to be confident
so there's pain in other sides but one
is a pain that leads to a positive
outcome in others it just leads to
deterioration totally you know all right
another question this one from Michael
Foster what is the number one thing that
you wish you'd learned early on in life
sales funnels darling love that said no
um well what do you think what would you
for me the answer is easy manic growth
mindset I really didn't have it and I
didn't have it until I was in my mid
bordering on late 20s I mean it look
it's a scale it wasn't like binary but I
didn't have a full-blown growth mindset
until I was explained what that is
so a fixed mindset is somebody that
believes that their talent and
intelligence are fixed traits that
cannot be improved so you're smart as
you are when you're born and that's it
whatever you're good at that's it you're
only never gonna be good at those need
to sort of get better at the technical
aspects but that's sort of you have the
talent or you don't a growth mindset on
the other hand believes that your talent
and intelligence are totally malleable
traits that you can improve so that you
can actually raise your IQ which is one
of those things people think you just
could never do or you could learn to see
you could develop perfect pitch which
they've actually done an interesting
study I'll just do I have the guts to
bring that one up because for a long
time that was like the one thing I was
like huh don't bring that perfect pitch
and then they taught an entire class of
kids perfect pitch really yeah so it's
ie while it's probably not true that you
can learn anything I'm just gonna
default to that because it's so much
closer to you can learn absolutely
anything than nothing new correct that
yeah you can do anything do you think
Donald Trump has a growth mindset or a
fixed mindset people political I'm just
joking with you you don't even have to
go there I thought it's funny no I'll
answer it he is a big ball of fixed
mindset that dude actually scares me and
he scares me like you know he scares me
because I'll actually talk about him
yeah normally I wouldn't talk about
[__] politics you joking
just inviting problems so it actually
worries me
yeah well that's I mean but I think
fixed mindsets are are fixed to
insecurity right because you have to
it's kind of like if you're trying to
like you don't want any of the pieces to
move because it's gonna mess up your the
table in your mind like you don't want
anyone to think of you incorrectly or
challenge you or call you out because
then you're gonna have to like rethink
all the things you know about you know
about yourself and I think I mean that
that show that's happening at spectacle
international spectacle happens I think
a lot of to a lot of us in our personal
lives of people that we know who are
just not really willing to see potential
in what could be which is why sometimes
will pitch someone and they won't see it
or why well you know we'll be hoping to
have a better relationship with some of
it it just won't work out because you
know you have a fixed mindset and it's
hard to it's hard to like get past
certain mental blocks you know you I'm
sure you had some big mental hurdles you
had to like forcefully push down in
order to get to like the various
milestones you hit right no question
some big ones yeah alright we're getting
the rap segment sign but man this is a
lot of fun Daniel thank you so much for
coming on and the giveaway winner is are
you ready Kevin Michael and the answers
were boom boom boom Wow the the very
generous answers were Zuckerberg Gerard
Adams in time and of course we picked
somebody that didn't mention Daniels and
now he's gonna like I'm leaving
immediately and by the way I'm not a
millennial entrepreneurs yes Wow
Oh what so I should say that's
incredibly generous eighteen to say is
the new exactly alright everybody thank
you to Daniel for joining us and if you
are not already following matt at rich
20-somethings thank you my man that was
great pleasure man I was awesome
you